[W-10706803] Fix typos (part 1) (#1810)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: jms/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/jms-publish.adoc

== Configuring Message Properties

Every JMS Message can have a set of properties, which can be used in many different ways, like to provide compatibility with other messaging systems or create custom message selectors.

> Some of these properties are well-known JMS standards, but others depends on the implementation or custom user configurations. The `publish` operation allows you to configure all this properties directly in the Message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these properties are well-known JMS standards, but others depend on the implementation or custom user configurations. The `publish` operation allows you to configure all these properties directly in the Message.
```
